# Woorti app for Android

## License/ Description

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2017-2020 MoTiV project (motivproject.eu)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this 
software and associated documentation files (the ""Software""), to deal in the Software 
without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, 
merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to 
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following 
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies 
or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ""AS IS"", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, 
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT 
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF 
CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR 
THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

(C) 2017-2020 - The Woorti app is a research (non-commercial) application that was
developed in the context of the European research project MoTiV (motivproject.eu). The
code was developed by partner INESC-ID with contributions in graphics design by partner
TIS. The Woorti app development was one of the outcomes of a Work Package of the MoTiV
project.
 
The Woorti app was originally intended as a tool to support data collection regarding
mobility patterns from city and country-wide campaigns and provide the data and user
management to campaign managers.
 
The Woorti app development followed an agile approach taking into account ongoing
feedback of partners and testing users while continuing under development. This has
been carried out as an iterative process deploying new app versions. Along the 
timeline, various previously unforeseen requirements were identified, some requirements
were revised, there were requests for modifications, extensions, or new aspects in
functionality or interaction as found useful or interesting to campaign managers and
other project partners. Most stemmed naturally from the very usage and ongoing testing
of the Woorti app. Hence, code and data structures were successively revised in a
way not only to accommodate this but, also importantly, to maintain compatibility with
the functionality, data and data structures of previous versions of the app, as new
version roll-out was never done from scratch.

The code developed for the Woorti app is made available as open source, namely to
contribute to further research in the area of the MoTiV project, and the app also makes
use of open source components as detailed in the Woorti app license. 
 
This project has received funding from the European Unionâ€™s Horizon 2020 research and
innovation programme under grant agreement No. 770145.

This work is partially described in peer-reviewed scientific publication, as for 
reference in publications when used in other works:

edgeTrans - Edge transport mode detection. P. Ferreira, C. Zavgorodnii, L. Veiga. 
Pervasive and Mobile Computing, vol. 69(2020), 101268, ISSN 1574-1192, Elsevier.
https://doi.org/10.1016/j.pmcj.2020.101268

## Notes/ Instructions

#### Google Maps API

Follow the tutorial on https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/embed/get-api-key to obtain a Google Maps API key

Path to insert key: app\src\release\res\values
					app\src\debug\res\values
					
#### Google services and firebase key

Go to https://console.firebase.google.com/ and create your firebase project. Follow the steps and obtain the google-services.json file for your project.
Path to insert the google-services.json:  app

#### Generate keystore

Generate a keystore or use an existing one and replace the values on the app gradle file:

```
android {
    signingConfigs {
        config {
            keyAlias 'KEYS_ALIAS'
            keyPassword 'KEYS_PASSWORD'
            storeFile file('FILE_PATH')
            storePassword 'STORE_PASSWORD'
        }
    }
	...
	}
```

#### Android Studio version used

Android Studio 3.1.2

#### Report feedback email

Change the report feedback email by replacing the reportingEmail String variable on the ApplicationClass.java with your own report feedback email address
